TODO.md, before:

# To-Do List of Work

## Code Organization
- [ ] Try to organize project
*** look up MVC (Model-View-Controller) architecture

## Database
- [ ] **Claimant Reviews when completing a task**

## Landing Page

### Make login/registration more secure <br>
- [ ] [View tutorial on moodle](http://moodle2.csis.ul.ie) 
- [ ] hashing password
- [ ] Stop users accessing internal webpages when not logged in
- [ ] Implement Eoghan's validation (login)
- [ ] Get Eoghan's validation for registration
- [ ] Confirm password mechanism
## Main User's Page
### Task Stream
- [X] ~~Display tasks onto task stream~~
- [ ] Implement personalized task stream
- [ ] Create html/css for task stream
### Create task
- [ ] Input tags to tasks
- [ ] File uploading for task preview
- [ ] Display + download task preview
- [ ] Make task creation neater (Sophia's HTML/CSS)
### Task Claiming
- [X] ~~Code for basic claiming~~
- [ ] Email sending
- [ ] Sending task to claimant
### "My Tasks" Page
- [X] ~~Write code for displaying a list of tasks you published.~~
- [X] ~~Have delete task button (Actually deletes a task)~~
- [ ] Add details of task claimant (When a task is claimed)
- [ ] Make it easier for owner to find a specific task.
### Deadlines
- [ ] Make website check deadlines of tasks

Commit message:

Code for checking if claimed task has expired

TODO.md, after:

# To-Do List of Work

## Code Organization
- [ ] Try to organize project
*** look up MVC (Model-View-Controller) architecture

## Database
- [ ] **Claimant Reviews when completing a task**

## Landing Page

### Make login/registration more secure <br>
- [ ] [View tutorial on moodle](http://moodle2.csis.ul.ie) 
- [ ] hashing password
- [ ] Stop users accessing internal webpages when not logged in
- [ ] Implement Eoghan's validation (login)
- [ ] Get Eoghan's validation for registration
- [ ] Confirm password mechanism
## Main User's Page
### Task Stream
- [X] ~~Display tasks onto task stream~~
- [ ] Implement personalized task stream
- [ ] Create html/css for task stream
### Create task
- [ ] Input tags to tasks
- [ ] File uploading for task preview
- [ ] Display + download task preview
- [ ] Make task creation neater (Sophia's HTML/CSS)
### Task Claiming
- [X] ~~Code for basic claiming~~
- [ ] Email sending
- [ ] Sending task to claimant
### "My Tasks" Page
- [X] ~~Write code for displaying a list of tasks you published.~~
- [X] ~~Have delete task button (Actually deletes a task)~~
- [ ] Add details of task claimant (When a task is claimed)
- [ ] Make it easier for owner to find a specific task.
### Deadlines
- [X] ~~Make website check deadlines of tasks~~
- [ ] FIX problem where if you you refresh the page in task_details.php (when task is expired), you deduct 30 points AGAIN!
- [ ] Write code for when user completes task
- [ ] Write code for when a task in the stream has expired.
